Docs grammar and typos check (#6064)
vuestorefront/vue-storefront: packages/core/docs/shopify/use-user.md

# useUser composable

> `useUser` composition API function is responsible, as its name suggests, for interactions with users in your eCommerce. This function returns the following values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`useUser` composition API function allows loading the customer data. This function returns the following values:
```
